# CRUD Quiz

Use the solution to this afternoon's Property Tracker lab to answer the following questions. Please write your answers under each question, push the file to GitHub, and submit in the usual way.

## MVP Questions

In our Property Tracker application:

Q1. Where are we instantiating instances of the `Property` class?
  Every time we call a '.new' on an instance of the class we are instantiating... This is in the console.rb file. The file needs to run in order for the instantiation to take place.
  Its 'instantiated' because a new instance of the class has been created. Also found to happen in the .rb file within methods.

Q2. Where are we defining the SQL that enables us to save the ruby `Property` object into the database?
  We define it in the the SQL file.
  We specifically define it within the method in which we write it and save it in a variable i.e the 'save' method in our ruby file as a string.

Q3. In `console.rb`, which lines modify the database?
  The .save() function call at the end of the page

Q4. Why do we not define the id of a `Property` object at the point we instantiate it (‘new it up’)?
  Because an id is only 'given' when we prepare and execute. An id is only assigned when passed into the database, not when we
  create a new instance of a class.

Q5. Where and how do we assign the id (that is generated by the database) to the ruby `Property` object?
  When we write the execute/prepared statement the id is assigned. We add it into our constructor at the top of our .rb file

Q6. Why do we put a guard (an `if` clause) on the `@id` attribute in the constructor?
  In order to protect the id and so it can not be 'null'.

Q7. Why are some of the CRUD actions represented by instance methods, and others by class methods?
    Because it depends on what is being executed or what we want done. For example, we might only want DELETE to delete one row of our
    table so we would use an instance method, but then use DELETE(ALL) to wipe an entire table would be used on a class method. When implementing UPDATE we are only updating the record and therefore would be on an instance method, not a class. (?)


Q8. What type of data structure is returned by calls to `db.exec_prepared()`?
    A statement. It returns whatever sql query we are defining.
    It returns the values we pass into it and makes those values clean/sanatized.

In the `save` method, how do we access the id from the returned data structure?
  By saving it into an ""@id" variable. By index to the object and .... struggled here.

Q9. Why do we use prepared statements when performing database operations?
  To return a sanatized, clean statement.

## Extension Questions

Look at the `find_by_id` and `find_by_address` methods in the `Property` class.

Q10. What do they take in as their arguments?
  They take in the keys of the hashes of the Property class.

Q11. What are their return values?
  A new hash containing the results  of the search
